Django 1.1 RC Released
######################

:date: 2009-07-22 05:46
:category: Code


Django 1.1's Release Candidate was released today! Whoot. Here's
the official release: > As part of the Django 1.1 release process,
tonight we've released > Django 1.1 release candidate 1, a
preview/testing package which, > hopefully, is quite close to what
will constitute the final Django > 1.1 release. As with all
pre-release packages, this is not for > production use, but if
you'd like to try out some of the new > goodies coming in 1.1, or
if you'd like to pitch in and help us fix > bugs before the final
1.1 release (due in approximately one week), > feel free to grab a
copy and give it a spin. You can get a copy of > the 1.1 RC from
our downloads page, and we recommend you read the > release notes.
Also, for the security conscious, signed MD5 and > SHA1 checksums
of the 1.1 release candidate package are available. > If no
show-stopping bugs are found, the Django 1.1 final release > will
take place in one week. In the meantime, only critical >
release-blocking bugs will be considered for the final release. >
Django 1.1 is also now in string freeze; strings marked for >
translation will not change between now and the final release, so >
if you have translations to contribute now's the time. With luck, >
we'll see you back here in a week for the release of Django 1.1.
