Amazon AWS Introduces Virtual Private Cloud
###########################################

:date: 2009-08-26 12:07
:category: Code


Dear Amazon EC2 Customer,

We are excited to announce the limited beta of Amazon Virtual
Private Cloud (Amazon VPC), a secure and seamless bridge between
your existing IT infrastructure and the AWS cloud. Amazon VPC
enables you to connect your existing infrastructure to a set of
isolated AWS compute resources via a Virtual Private Network (VPN)
connection, and to extend your existing management capabilities
such as security services, firewalls, and intrusion detection
systems to include your AWS resources. Amazon VPC integrates today
with Amazon EC2 compute resources, and we will integrate Amazon VPC
with other AWS services in the future.

Here are some service highlights:

Isolated Network Access - Amazon VPC provides end-to-end network
isolation by utilizing an IP address range you specify, and by
routing all network traffic between your VPC and datacenter through
an industry-standard encrypted IPsec VPN. This allows you to
leverage your pre-existing security infrastructure, such as
firewalls and intrusion detection systems to inspect network
traffic going to and from a VPC.

Flexible - You control your VPC in much the same way you control
your datacenter, using familiar network concepts such as subnets
and gateways. With Amazon VPC, you can 1) freely create subnets to
organize your resources based on the criteria you define, 2) assign
an IP address range for Amazon EC2 instances within subnets, and 3)
configure secure connectivity to determine who can access your AWS
cloud-based resources.

Best of Both Worlds - Amazon VPC enables you to build a bridge
between your existing IT resources and your isolated resources
within the AWS cloud, enabling you to use both worlds in concert.
Now, you can build hybrid architectures that allow you to take full
advantage of the benefits of the AWS cloud - true elasticity
without owning the capital expense of the hardware or datacenter
(given AWS's pay-as-you-go pricing) - and yet still have the
network isolation and secure connectivity you would enjoy if all
the resources were in your own datacenter. With Amazon VPC, you can
gradually move to the AWS cloud, replicate your entire data center,
or anywhere in between.

Reliable - Amazon VPC is built using Amazon's own world-class
technology infrastructure. Like other Amazon Web Services, the
service runs within Amazon's proven global network infrastructure
and datacenters.

Amazon VPC is available on a pay-as-you-go basis with no up-front
fee, minimum spend or long-term commitment required. Please see the
Amazon VPC product page for more information on this exciting new
service, and for details on how to request access to the limited
beta. We will admit participants over time, but wanted to let you
know about it now, seeing that this has been a much-requested AWS
capability.

Sincerely,

The Amazon Web Services Team
